Data, Data, where art tho, data?
I have done work with some pretty large datasets in the past, for projects, for my job and for personal interest. Normally, it is more contemporary then this, but this still functions well. I’m somewhat surprised that you didn’t bring up PowerBI in the excel section, because in my opinion it’s just a stronger visualizer, especially at the scale of data we’re working with. 
Literature analysis seems to produce some really abstracted data. Abstracted data is interesting because while it might cover a wider range of ‘stuff’, unlike some of the more professional datasets I have worked with, it requires an extreme amount of interpretation and understanding of what you’re looking at. Data artifacts and just the general purpose of your conclusions make dealing with data like this seem challenging. 
I also find it a bit interesting that we are working often right with Excel, python and R. While knowing how to do specific tasks is particularly helpful, these tools are so powerful that I find creativity can be a larger blocker in how to use them then capability. With these tools, you can work with pretty much any data, if you can acquire it and figure out a purpose for your analysis. 
As I mentioned in my notes, I am either starting to go crazy from my environment change, or all of the tools are starting to make sense to me. How they function, where they will pull from, shared commands are all starting to just fold themselves out for me. I still very much needed the assistance for the topic modeling, and franking working with that kind of abstracted, raw data is… not quite my area of interest?
I don’t really have much to say about the more formal writing this time, other then the fact that I’m starting to see patterns not only in the tools of digital history, but generalised patters in how people present information and write. I can’t help but wonder what would turn up if you did an analysis of the difference in writing between digital history papers and contemporary history papers, particularly those in more niche fields who might not cross over much with digital history. 

- ado
